CS22220 Project: Group 02
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members, plus project manager 
Place and date of meeting: LL-C57a, Tuesday 8th February 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Chris Loftus
Date of minutes: 8th February 2022
Version: 1.0

Matters arising:
===========
1. All group members need to read the Project requirements 
and Group Intro documents by next week and know about what 
the project will do. ACTION: Everyone

Done

2. All group members to check how to add blog entries on a weekly
basis to the group GitLab repository. See SE.QA.08 for details. 
Add your first blog entry to the repository before
the next tutorial. ACTION: Everyone

Check of each blog... 
Done except need blogs from Young and Josh. Correct the format for the filename.   
https://gitlab.dcs.aber.ac.uk/hat31/gp02

3. Oliver and Tom will read SE.QA.04 and start work on material for the user interface document. 
They will also start putting together some possible screens in Powerpoint. ACTION: olh20, toc27

Presentation Done. Make sure gitlab dev/20220208 folder used for all meeting docs/code.


4. Rafal will read SE.QA.06 and start drafting a list of repeatable tests.  
They will sketch some tests for functional requirements 
(rat24 for FR1, FR2, FR3) from 
the Requirements specification.  ACTION:  rat24

Done

5. Josh and Harry will start looking at the technical issues of the project. 
Josh will use HTML/CSS to make some example screens for the application. 
Harry will investigate the options for saving to persistent storage 
and tell us next week what the choices are.  Action: jop65, hat31

Josh: HTML  Done
Harry: Persistent review Done

6. Young will look at documents SE.QA01, SE.QA.02, SE.QA.03 before 
next week and come along ready to summarise them in 5 minutes 
for the group. ACTION: haq2

Done: will email summaries to the group.

7. The group will meet on [date and time] to make sure the group GitLab repository
is set up correctly and everyone can use it. Will arrange via Discord. Action: Everyone

Whatsapp group chat to be used for general communications. 
3 met up in library. Will meet up in person from now on.

8. Decide on who will be QA manager, deputy QA manager, 
start thinking about who will be PL. ACTION: Everyone

Rafal is now QA Manager. Oliver is deputy QA Manager.
Rafal will run the meeting next week and present the minutes.

New business:
===========
1. Ongoing Tasks

1.1 Oliver and Tom will identify typical users, use cases and 
use case descriptions, to improve existing screens and identify new screens. 
ACTION: olh20, toc27

1.2 Rafal will continue drafting a list of repeatable tests 
from the Requirements specification.  
Rafal to improve existing tests. Meeting the test spec standard? 
ACTION:  rat24

1.3 Young, Josh, Harry, Oliver  will continue looking at the technical issues of the project. 
HTML/CSS to make some example screens for the application.
Authentication/Authorisation? React JS?
Action: haq2, jop65, hat31, olh20

4.4 Young will look at documents SE.QA07, SE.QA.08, before 
next week and email summaries to the group. ACTION: haq2

2. New for next week

2.1 Decide on who will be the Team leader and Deputy Team Leader. ACTION: Everyone

AOB
===
NONE

Minutes by cwl, 8th February 2022
