CS22220 Project: Group 02
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members, plus project manager 
Place and date of meeting: LL-C57a, Tuesday 29th March 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Oliver Hoad
Date of minutes: 29th March 2022
Version: 1.1

Matters arising:
===========
1. Oliver discuss async stuff add laravel to the diagram in overview section, Harry also discuss async, Tom keep working on his section.
Have ready for review either this week or beginning of next week.
ACTION: olh20, hat31, toc27

2. Josh finish off gantt chart
ACTION: jop65

3. Rafal and Young continue the front end 
ACTION: rat24, haq2

4.1 Harry continue Laravel 
4.2 Oliver learn Laravel with https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFh0Fd7BsjE
ACTION: hat31, olh20

5. If Rafal has time to act on Chris's feedback on test doc
ACTION: rat24

6. Josh makes new gitlab issues for Rafal
ACTION: jop65

New business:
===========


AOB
===
NONE

Minutes by olh20, 29th March 2022
