CS22220 Project: Group 02
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: Oliver, Tom, Rafal, Harry, Josh, plus project manager 
Place and date of meeting: LL-C57a, Tuesday 22nd March 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Oliver Hoad
Date of minutes: 22nd March 2022
Version: 1.1

Matters arising:
===========
1. Harry does section 4 of design spec, Tom does section 3 of design spec, Oliver does section 2 of design spec
ACTION: hat31, toc27, olh20

Ongoing

2. Continue watching the react/nextjs videos or any other videos you find that might be helpful
ACTION: haq2, jop65, hat31, toc27

Done

3. Josh continue making a gantt chart
ACTION: jop65

Ongoing

4. Young and Rafal make the nextjs prototype and maybe bring across some styles from the early html examples.
ACTION: rat24, haq2

Ongoing

5. Harry look into ajax and laravel
ACTION: hat31

Ongoing

6. Oliver possibly meet Alun Jones (auj) in Physical science building, room 2.34
ACTION: olh20

Not needed

7. Oliver look into keeping backend code out of the front end for security.
ACTION: olh20

Done

New business:
===========
1. Oliver discuss async stuff add laravel to the diagram in overview section, Harry also discuss async, Tom keep working on his section.
Have ready for review either this week or beginning of next week.
ACTION: olh20, hat31, toc27

2. Josh finish off gantt chart
ACTION: jop65

3. Rafal and Young continue the front end 
ACTION: rat24, haq2

4.1 Harry continue Laravel 
4.2 Oliver learn Laravel with https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFh0Fd7BsjE
ACTION: hat31, olh20

5. If Rafal has time to act on Chris's feedback on test doc
ACTION: rat24

6. Josh makes new gitlab issues for Rafal
ACTION: jop65

AOB
===
NONE

Minutes by olh20, 22nd March 2022
