CS22220 Project: Group 02
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members, plus project manager 
Place and date of meeting: LL-C57a, Tuesday 15th March 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Oliver Hoad
Date of minutes: 15th March 2022
Version: 1.1

Matters arising:
===========
1. Young, Josh, Tom, Harry watch these tutorial videos to get started on learning react/next.js.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTz0GXj8NN0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7ejDZ8SWv8
ACTION: haq2, jop65, toc27, hat31

Ongoing

2.1 Tom, put references in UI spec and finish adding Chris's feedback. 
ACTION: toc27

Done

2.2 Josh make gitlab issues and assign to design team (Tom and Oliver)
ACTION: jop65

Done

3. Tom and Oliver, Continue working on the design spec.
ACTION: toc27, olh20

Ongoing

4. Harry, Oliver check to see if Harry's backend code can work with Reatc/Next.js
ACTION: hat31, olh20

Ongoing

5. Rafal, Josh, Oliver need to do review meeting and release test spec document
ACTION: rat24, jop65, olh20

Done

6. If Josh wants to, Josh can create a gantt chart and share it to the group.
ACTION: jop65

Ongoing

New business:
===========

1. Harry does section 4 of design spec, Tom does section 3 of design spec, Oliver does section 2 of design spec
ACTION: hat31, toc27, olh20

2. Continue watching the react/nextjs videos or any other videos you find that might be helpful
ACTION: haq2, jop65, hat31, toc27

3. Josh continue making a gantt chart
ACTION: jop65

4. Young and Rafal make the nextjs prototype and maybe bring across some styles from the early html examples.
ACTION: rat24, haq2

5. Harry look into ajax and laravel
ACTION: hat31

6. Oliver possibly meet Alun Jones (auj) in Physical science building, room 2.34
ACTION: olh20

7. Oliver look into keeping backend code out of the front end for security.
ACTION: olh20


AOB
===
NONE

Minutes by olh20, 15th March 2022
